Hi, my name is Sarah and welcome to a day
in the life of a software engineer.
Come on in.
So, I woke up at 5 today.
I already got my workout in, I took care
of my fur kids and gave them a little
love, but I officially can't start my
workday without a cup of coffee.
So, I make a cup of coffee.
A little over a decade.
My usual schedule is 8 to 4 and it's kind
of nice to be able to take a break here
and there to do anything that I need to
around the house or go to a store if I
need to.
So, the tasks that I perform on a daily
basis include updating my code if
somebody requested a change that I make.
Sometimes, I spend a lot of time replying
to emails if that's necessary.
I check in on my interns to see if they
need any help with anything.
My desk setup consists of two external monitors.
One is for code, one is for seeing my
changes, and then my computer for emails
and different terminal things.
I also just have a little fun space where
my birthday cards sit and then a whole
slew of different mice and keyboards.
So, the first thing that I'm going to do
today coding wise is making sure that
what I built works.
This can usually take between 30 minutes
to an hour depending on what I'm working on.
So, right now, my primary languages
include Java and a lot of HTML and CSS,
but I find the most fun in writing
anything based out of JavaScript.
So, like Node .js.
So, I personally use Sublime.
I think it's very low effort and is
really easy to use.
It's really difficult to write code the
first time and it be right.
So, either you're going to find a mistake
or somebody is going to say, Hey, this
isn't really working the way that you
said it would and you're just going to
have to be okay with that.
The first thing I coded today was the
Delete button.
And so, you can see the code here.
And this page is represented on this page
as the UI or the front end.
And you can see that each what I call
card has a Delete button.
And so, now, if you click on Delete, it
will delete that specific card and now,
there are no collections.